Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There you are.
Moyocoyotzin: Hi, how you doing,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good, how are you
Moyocoyotzin: Good. I've been trying to get on since a little before seven
Remember,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 637 30
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Moyocoyotzin: Remember we
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: said last week.
Moyocoyotzin: They said it was throwing me. Oh, we just talked to the guy or added redo the zoom or something.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, was what happened, what's been happening and you're not the first person that it's happened to I think there was an update in zoom or something because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll come in my waiting room, and then I'll click on for you to join and then you'll show up two and three times in my waiting room but it won't let you join
Moyocoyotzin: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's kind of what was going on and can. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cool. All right. Yeah, he just responded to me and told me that he told you to fix the zoom
Moyocoyotzin: Right, yeah. We just talked to me about a minute ago or so.
Perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, how's your week has been your week
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How has your
Moyocoyotzin: It's been good working. I just got out of work, a while ago.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah.
Moyocoyotzin: But I'm good, how are you doing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am good. I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on, Joe is here now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hold on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me about your week
Moyocoyotzin: Working. Yeah, me, me and my wife are good. I mean other than
Moyocoyotzin: The problems we got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want to ask you, do you have a pair of headphones and can you go in a room where you're by yourself.
Moyocoyotzin: I got headphones in the car and they're in the car.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We're just supposed to be doing this.
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you're tired, you probably had a really long day.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, we have a lot of funerals today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh gosh, really.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, yeah, we have funerals every day.
Moyocoyotzin: Read like 60 day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Moyocoyotzin: Can you hear me. No, I'm not hearing the amount of here by myself. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me how things are going. I don't want you to the reason why. First off, this is a therapy session. And if if we were person to person, you would be in my office with the door shut. Just you and I, right, and a half to kind of be the same way with Tele therapy to
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, I was in the bedroom, I just got out of the shower.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me,
How your week has been over
Moyocoyotzin: We're good. I went in and talked to her about that that day last week when we had that she got all mad.
Moyocoyotzin: We ended up fighting, but
Moyocoyotzin: But she's like that. I don't know. I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How did you approach it. Did you use the tools that I gave you to try to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Present it in a manner that huh
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, I tried you know i mean i did all that I
Moyocoyotzin: Still getting mad. You know, I mean, but she gets gets mad right away. So, you know, she got what she got in her head and whatever I tell. I think it'll never get it out of her head. You know, I mean,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Remember those remember Joe that you know if it's if you admit to what you did do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But not to what you didn't do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It don't do it, don't do it in an aggressive manner.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do it in a very it from a very complex because you have nothing to defend
Right.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, you know, I end up getting mad because she just keeps on on the same thing and I end up getting frustrated. I get mad and then she started, I got some to hide and
Moyocoyotzin: No, because like I told I tell her all the time. I ain't gonna tell you something. I met enough to tell you, I had a pair with her and fucked or whatever, I would tell her. Yeah, I mean, but
Moyocoyotzin: For happened and I ain't gonna cop to something I didn't do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I mean, right, right. And that's why I'm saying a part of what makes her continually feel that there's something wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right is the defense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. So if you get rid of the defense.
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get rid of the defense.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just get rid of the defense and say,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you're right. I, you know, this is what I did do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This isn't what I did. I didn't do this, I'm really, really sorry that you're struggling with that right now and let her own it, but validate her feelings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And don't get upset.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Don't get upset because you didn't do what she thinks that you did, but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anybody in that same position, any, any woman would go to that same place.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It must have happened. It had to have happen and we convince ourselves outside the truth and so that always is us. It's like being stuck on something that you can't get off of
Moyocoyotzin: Right, and that's
Moyocoyotzin: And that's where she's at a bakery. I mean, I can get her because we will, you know, she wants to talk, she tells me she you know she wants to talk. We want to talk
Moyocoyotzin: And, uh, but we'll talk up to that point. And then we just stay stuck there. We won't get past it. And I tried talent or yeah I mean we got to get passes or
Moyocoyotzin: Or, you know, it's never going to work. I mean, you gotta you know I get it, I heard her and everything, but you know if she's going to keep on on that it's going to ruin our relationship even more. Yeah, I mean, and we want to get away aware
Moyocoyotzin: And that's, that's where I feel
Moyocoyotzin: You know it's going, I don't know. Yeah, I mean,
Moyocoyotzin: I love Joanna and everything, but
Moyocoyotzin: You could only take so much. I mean I he always accuses me of stuff like that. And I don't know where in the hell. She gets it from you. I'm saying
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, again, if you didn't do it, then you have nothing to defend
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So don't allow don't allow your anger to be a part of your response.
Moyocoyotzin: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can always you know what I mean, you can always say, I think that we need to stop talking about this right now and take a break.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I feel myself getting irritated and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't want to fight with you. I love you.
Moyocoyotzin: All I do that all the time and backup. But then we just she just keeps on
Moyocoyotzin: Getting
Moyocoyotzin: You know, we've been doing this for almost a year now I say
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have you guys thought about going into therapy together.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, we did that. We went to marriage counseling for a little bit and
Moyocoyotzin: You know, we, when we first women went in there. We talked to the guy together. I forget his name, but, and then I had maybe five, six meetings with him alone. And she did to me.
Moyocoyotzin: That's all he wanted it. We're doing it like that. But, you know, nothing, nothing changed. I mean it didn't, you know, she just went on the same thing all the time. Yeah. I mean, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Stuck on that.
Moyocoyotzin: Yeah, she stuck on the
Moyocoyotzin: I don't know. You know what he said to her, or how he helped her
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Obviously he didn't help her process through it, or she would be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know healed from it. So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's another. Go ahead.
Moyocoyotzin: And join us. She's. She's a, she's diagnosed with bipolar and you know I mean she's, she's been through a lot in her life. I get it. You know, I mean, you know, we all got a pass. I don't judge her for passing she'd been married. I'm or Todd's been, you know, I mean,
Moyocoyotzin: It is what it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what, I can, you know, teach you is how to keep your side of the street clean and how to keep your anger in check so that you know what I mean, you don't lash out and break your phone again and can't come to therapy.
Moyocoyotzin: I'm gonna see if I give me more.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But I can't you know do anything about what she's going through
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, there's a piece of that, too, that, you know, maybe that's a piece that you should ask her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, why don't you think about going back into seeing a counselor for a little while and processing through it you know if your behaviors and what you're doing. Are you know completely opposite of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything you know that would keep her in that state of mind like no matter what you say if your behaviors don't back up what you're telling her, then your words are useless. You know what I mean, that's
Moyocoyotzin: That's all I feel Rebecca you like I told you. We've been going through this for a while and we stuck at the same place, and
Moyocoyotzin: Then she tells me I can't even talk to you and you know it stays area. I mean, I try and try and tell her I love her. I mean, she would be good for a couple of days and then I don't know, something will trigger
Moyocoyotzin: You know, I mean, she goes on that.
Moyocoyotzin: Crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it's an endless. See what happens when somebody is is experienced that experience that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, in their past.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not once, not twice, but several times. And I'm assuming that she probably has experienced it throughout her FIVE MARRIAGES you know more than once. It's like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Our brain is like on it. Do you remember those eight reels that are that are like this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, so it's broke
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's not connecting to the healing part. And so her being able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Get into get into see somebody that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can actually she can connect with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To help her connect that piece and process through it.
Moyocoyotzin: Right, because she's a stubborn woman. I mean, uh, you know, I get it over an area, but I never did that. The but you know you know i i knew her purse has been here and he was locked up. I've known him for
Moyocoyotzin: More than 34 years I met him there in prison. Yeah. I mean, when I was already there. When he got there. And you know, I didn't know he was married her. I found out after this that that was her husband I when I met her. Yeah, I mean,
Moyocoyotzin: And he used to beat her up and all that, you know, I mean, and
Moyocoyotzin: She went through all that with him. They were married for like 11 years
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So remember that there's a lot of a lot of history underneath.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What she's saying to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not that she's just stuck there because of what you did. She stuck there because of a lot of experiences that she's experienced in the past to
Moyocoyotzin: Exactly. I get it. I mean, you know, and that's what I try to tell her. Yeah, I mean we I know many of the same you know there's some
Moyocoyotzin: Women all that
Moyocoyotzin: I you know I knew him.
Moyocoyotzin: And you know he think he was bad in there and all this bullshit and I come to find out he was out here, beating her up and all these boots, you know. It's crazy.
Yeah.
Moyocoyotzin: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's all about how you you on your side of things about what you want the outcome to be, you know what I mean when you guys get into this conversation, you can't control her response or what she does, but you can control yours.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so coming from a loving place understanding that she's got a whole history of trauma.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That she probably hasn't ever dealt with or been able to deal with, or even understand how to deal with it or how it affects your life now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so understanding that and really giving her some empathy and compassion and just, I love you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know I hurt you in the past. I'm not doing anything now.
Moyocoyotzin: See there, you come this either Chicago
Moyocoyotzin: What do you mean it's on.
Moyocoyotzin: There it is. There it is.
Moyocoyotzin: There it is. I'm telling you, it's always this bullshit with
Moyocoyotzin: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When she comes down, you can tell her that you're trying to learn different ways to
Communicate
Moyocoyotzin: I gotta go. I gotta do this or for
Moyocoyotzin: Next week,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay, should
Moyocoyotzin: Be doing well, why don't you stay there.